[NPU] Add documentation for batching on NPU plugin (#26865)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/running-inference/inference-devices-and-modes/npu-device/batching-on-npu-plugin.rst

NPU Plugin batching
===============================

> 

Reviewer: you'll need to add npu-device/batching-on-npu-plugin to the toctree of the npu device page like that: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4a2e81c6-7f9c-4972-851c-0eca8fae53c4)

.. meta::
   :description: The Bathing is handled on the NPU plugin in OpenVINO™
                 in two different modes, concurrency-based inferences
                 or handled by the compiler.

> 

Reviewer: In OpenVINO™, the NPU plugin handles batching in two modes: concurrency-based inference and compiler-handled execution.

Reviewer: let's maybe add it or smth similar to the beginning of the page? since the description will be hidden

Author: done, thx

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The capabilities of NPU plugin in OpenVINO™ offer batching, which can either be performed with multiple parallel inferences or handled by the compiler.

```

The NPU plugin will first check if the following conditions are met:
* Batch size is on the first axis.
* All inputs and outputs have the same batch size.
* Model does not contain states.

In case conditions are met, due to current compiler limitations and ongoing work on performance improvements for batch_size higher than one,
the NPU plugin will first try to compile and execute the original model with forced batch_size to 1.
In case this compilation succeeds, the plugin will detect a difference between the original model layout
and transformed/compiled layout (in batch size) and would:
- internally construct multiple command lists, one for each input
- execute each command list for proper offsets of input/output buffers
- once all command lists are executed, the plugin will notify the user of the completion of the inference request.

> This batching mode based on concurrency is transparent to the application. One single inference request will handle all inputs from the batch.
> Performance might be lower compared to regular batching; this mode is intended to offer basic batching functionality on older drivers
> or in case the model cannot yet be compiled with a batch size larger than one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The batching mode is based on concurrency and transparent to the application. One single inference request will handle all inputs from the batch.
Performance might be lower compared to regular batching, as this mode offers basic batching functionality for older drivers and when the model cannot be compiled with a batch size larger than one.
```

> In case these conditions are not met the NPU plugin will try to compile and execute the original model with the given
> batch_size to N as any other regular model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the aformentioned conditions are not met, the NPU plugin will try to compile and execute the original model
as any other regular model with ``batch_size`` equal to given N .
```

> Note: Once the performance improves and multiple models can compile with a batch size larger than one,
> the default order will be changed; NPU will try first to compile and execute the original model with the given
> batch size and fall back to concurrent batching if compilation fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

   Once the performance improves and multiple models can be compiled with a batch size larger than one,
   the default order will be changed. In other words, the NPU plugin will first try to compile and execute
   the original model with the given batch size and fall back to concurrent batching if compilation fails.
   
```

NPU Plugin Batching 
===============================

.. meta::
   :description: OpenVINO™ NPU plugin supports batching
                 in two different modes: concurrency-based inference and
                 compiler-handled execution.

OpenVINO™ NPU plugin supports batching in two different modes: concurrency-based inference and compiler-handled execution.

> First, the NPU plugin checks if the following conditions are met:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, the NPU plugin checks if the following conditions are met:

```

NPU Plugin Batching 
===============================

.. meta::
   :description: OpenVINO™ NPU plugin supports batching
                 either by executing concurrent inferences or by
                 relying on native compiler support for batching.

OpenVINO™ NPU plugin supports batching either by executing concurrent inferences or by relying on native compiler support for batching.

First, the NPU plugin checks if the following conditions are met:

* The batch size is on the first axis.
* All inputs and outputs have the same batch size.
* The model does not contain states.

> If the **conditions are met**, the NPU plugin attempts to compile and execute the original model with batch_size forced to 1. This approach is due to current compiler limitations and ongoing work to improve performance for batch_size greater than one.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**If the conditions are met**, the NPU plugin attempts to compile and execute the original model with batch_size forced to 1. This approach is due to current compiler limitations and ongoing work to improve performance for batch_size greater than one.
```

> If the compilation is successful, the plugin detects a difference in batch size between the original model layout (with batch size set to N)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the compilation is successful, the plugin detects a difference in batch size between the original model layout (with a batch size set to N)
```

> and the transformed/compiled layout (with batch size set to 1). Then it executes the following steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and the transformed/compiled layout (with a batch size set to 1). Then it executes the following steps:
```

1. Internally constructs multiple command lists, one for each input.
2. Executes each command list for the proper offsets of input/output buffers.
3. Notifies the user of the completion of the inference request after all command lists have been executed.

This concurrency-based batching mode is transparent to the application. A single inference request handles all inputs from the batch.
While performance may be lower compared to regular batching (based on native compiler support), this mode provides basic batching functionality for use either with older drivers
or when the model cannot yet be compiled with a batch size larger than one.

> If the **conditions are not met**, the NPU plugin tries to compile and execute the original model with the given

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**If the conditions are not met**, the NPU plugin tries to compile and execute the original model with the given
```
